Add parallel letter exercise (#745)
exercism/crystal: exercises/practice/parallel-letter-frequency/.docs/instructions.append.md

# Instruction Appendix

For building a concurrent/parallel program in Crystal, [might this resource prove useful][resource].

> In Crystal 1.19 a new [Sync][sync] library was added which adds several primitives to make it easier to make high preformance concurrent/parallel programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Crystal 1.19 a new [Sync][sync] library was added which adds several primitives to make it easier to make high performance concurrent/parallel programs.
```

The online environment for this exercise is a bit different from most other exercises.

> Instead of compiling Crystal into a single-threaded binary, this exercises uses Crystal exprimental multi-threading capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of compiling Crystal into a single-threaded binary, this exercises uses Crystal's experimental multi-threading capabilities.
```
